Introduciton

This README file contains instructions to build the Intel OPA Fabric Manager GUI 
jar file from source. However, you should be aware that the FM GUI jar 
distributed by Intel is signed but this build process does sign the generated jar 
and a CA certificate is not distributed with the source. Distributing the 
generated jar will result in user machines not being able to verify the origin 
of the jar file.

Source Directory Structure

Architecture
The Fabric Manager GUI has a component-based architecture. In this section, 
the main components are briefly described, what their function is, and how 
they can be found in the source directory structure.

FE Adapter
The FE Adapter is the application interface to Fabric Management (FM) 
functions through a Fabric Executive (FE). Its function is to submit FM 
commands to a FE and parse their responses into object representations that can be
processed by the application. The package for this component is:
com.intel.stl.fecdriver

Data Manager
The Database Manager is the component in charge of storing configuration 
information as well caching Fabric Management data to a local database. 
The packages applicable to this component are:

com.intel.stl.datamanager - interface to application
com.intel.stl.dbengine - interface to SQL engine

User Interface APIs
The User Interface APIs component provides all services available to a 
UI component to display Fabric Management data. These services are grouped 
by function but in general they are group under the following package:

com.intel.stl.api

User Interface
The User Interface component is the graphical implementation of the 
Fabric Manager GUI. It includes all the widgets and logic to display 
Fabric Management information. The main package for this component is:

com.intel.stl.ui

Build Requirements

Java Development Kit
The Fabric Manager GUI build requires a Java Development Kit (JDK) 7. 
The JDK 7 binaries can be downloaded from Oracle's Java SE Downloads site.
http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html
You should always set the environment variable OPA_JAVA to the 
location of the JDK installation; this is the pathname of the folder that 
contains folders bin, lib, and include. 
If you don't set OPA_JAVA, the build process will attempt to use the 
default JDK in the system, if available.

Ant
The Fabric Manager GUI build also requires Apache Ant 1.9. 
The Ant tool is available from the Apache Ant Project Binary 
Distributions download site. 
http://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi 
Follow the installation instructions available in the online 
Ant manual.
http://ant.apache.org/manual/index.html
and always make sure ant is in in your PATH.

Building the Jar

After the build requirements have been met, the steps to generate 
the FM GUI jar are straightforward:

Open a terminal/command window at the location where you unzipped 
the FM GUI distribution source. We will refer to this location as FMGUI_SRC
Start the build process by entering the following command:

    ant

Wait for the successful completion of the build process:

    BUILD SUCCESSFUL
    Total time: n seconds

Type the following command to start the application:

    fmgui



